Docs: Add changelogger info to monorepo.md (#19122)
Automattic/jetpack: docs/writing-a-good-changelog-entry.md

# Writing A Good Changelog Entry

Part of our standard [Pull Request process](./monorepo.md#jetpack-changelogger) includes submitting a changelog entry for your changes, which this document provides guidance on.

## Do I even need to write a changelog entry?

For Jetpack, our changelog is intended primarily for end users and third-party developers who use our public APIs and packages. Other projects in the Jetpack monorepo also benefit from managing an accurate changelog.

If you've changed something that users will notice, like improving the display of a block or fixing a bug that prevents a feature from working, then by all means submit a suggested changelog entry.

> If you've improved our CI or development environments, or refactored old code without user-visible changes, it's probably not a change that needs a changelog entry intended for end users. However, you would still submit a changelog entry with a ["Comment" header](./monorepo.md#using-the-jetpack-changelogger) which would be omitted from the generated changelog, but still serve as documentation to other developers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you've improved our CI or development environments, or refactored old code without user-visible changes, it's probably not a change that needs a changelog entry intended for end users. However, you would still include a change file with a ["Comment" header](./monorepo.md#using-the-jetpack-changelogger) which would be omitted from the generated changelog, but still serve as documentation to other developers.
```
